So what do you say, Riley?
Will you marry me?
- We need water! Somebody get water!
- Here, here, here.
Oh.
Thank . I was so thirsty.
Riley, can you hear me? Are you all right?
Oh, my god.
What happened?
Oh, gosh. It was amazing.
Let me fill you in.
You ruined my wedding!
That's what happened!
You hit the deck! I haven't seen
a girl go down like that since...
It's probably not for right now.
Do you remember anything?
Yeah, um, Ben was marrying
your mom and Brad.
And how that story ends.
What else?
You kissed me.
Oh, you took me in your
arms and you kissed me.
And then?
I kissed you back.
What? Was there more? Did I miss something?
Uh, no, that was it.
Oh, my god.
♪ It's amazing how the unexpected ♪
♪ Can take your life
and change directions ♪
- Sync and corrected by TheDelta -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Oh, my gosh. Oh.
Okay, Brad, Brad, Brad,
sweetie, are you okay?
I think so. Oh, god, what happened?
Oh, gosh, it was amazing.
Let me fill you in.
These two idiot ruined my wedding!
I'm sorry. It's a *** thing.
When I get excited, I head-butt people.
Six times.
Six times I have worn this dress,
and six times come back single!
We said we were sorry.
Yeah, well, even Danny
got to marry Brad once.
I wanna marry Brad.
When do I get to marry Brad?
Seriously, Bon-Bon, it's fine.
Look, I'm fine.
So not about you right now, honey.
Should I at least cancel the brunch?
No, cancel my family.
I am having brunch.
Oh, I am having everyone's brunch!
And I might as well go to work.
Hey, do you guys have a
sling that I could borrow?
I told work that I was in a train wreck,
which is actually pretty true.
Hey, need any help
getting out of that dress?
Oh, no. These are just
buttons. I do it all the... Ah.
Got it. Right. Buttons can be tricky, so...
Dude, I can't believe that
you're so cool with that.
I wasn't at first, but
a little soul searching,
ton of anonymous hook-ups, and
a fair amount of liquor later,
I think I'm finally okay with my
brother dating the girl of my dreams.
So you're dead inside.
Yeah, pretty much.
Maybe I should just give up on love.
Dude, you just need to meet your Riley.
I did. Her name was Riley.
Sorry, I'm going up.
Oh, that's cool.
Because so am I, I'll just...
Normally a guy has to buy me dinner
before I let him get this close.
Sorry.
So, you, uh, you moving in, or...
I am.
Seems a little small now
that I see it in the daylight.
You know, if you put up some posters,
maybe a little paint, I
think it'll look great.
I'm Zoey.
Hi, I'm Zoey. No.
I'm... I'm Ben.
You're Zoey. I'm Ben.
Hi, Zoey. It's me, Ben.
Okay, I think we're clear on who I am.
Nice to meet you, Ben.
Send it back up when you're done?
No, no. Let me help you. Here.
Oh, I'm so sorry!
I am
so...
I hope it's not expensive.
Hey, Tuck.
Do you think it's bad that I'm
starting off my relationship with Riley
- by hiding things from her?
- Oh.
Well, nothing is being
hidden right now. Hello.
I just can't believe that
I've been lying to her
about this whole proposal thing.
But when she said that she didn't remember,
thought, maybe she doesn't need to,
'cause the truth is, it
was just too much too soon.
But now it's been a month,
and I'm gonna do exactly what I
should have done in the first place.
Knock, knock.
Hey... hey.
What lucky half naked man
wants to walk me to work?
I just need another second.
I've got a big surprise planned
for you after work tonight.
You're never gonna guess
where I'm gonna take you.
You gotta meet me on top of
the Empire State Building.
Oh, god. Oh, no. This isn't happening.
He's gonna ask me to
marry him again, isn't he?
Yeah, probab...
Wait a minute. Did you just say, "again"?
He's going to ask you to marry him "again"?
What?
No.
No, I most certainly did not say that.
I knew it. I knew it.
You do remember him proposing.
You didn't know what to say, so you
pretended to faint to get out of it.
Oh my go... Tucker,
I would never...
- Danny...
- Be quiet. Be quiet.
Olay. Okay.
All right, all right. Fine, fine.
I faked it, okay?
That is what women do when
they don't know what to say.
Or they get bored.
Yeah, well, get ready,
because I think he's ready to ask you again.
God, it's too soon.
I mean, I love him I love him,
but it is too soon.
Okay, I'll just...
I'm gonna avoid all romantic situations
and then let him know how happy I am
with the way things are right now,
like, in a subtle way, and...
he'll get that, right?
Oh, my god. Tucker.
Tucker, Tucker, are you okay?
Yeah, yeah. I just got bored.
Mm. Tucker, you were right.
I just needed to meet my Riley,
and I did, right here in the building.
Isn't that crazy?
Are you sure it wasn't the real Riley?
You know, she lives in this building too.
Her name's Zoey, and she's perfect.
You know, maybe I'll
just hang around the lobby
until I accidentally bump into her again.
Oh, hello Zoey. Remember me?
Why, yes, I would like
to make out with you.
Or you could
try something different
like manning up and just
telling her how you feel.
Huh, the truth.
Little unorthodox.
But I've heard girls go crazy for it.
You know what? I'm just
gonna lay it all out there.
Baggage, baby, everything.
So, any of you boys wanna go in drag
this Halloween as a cursed bride?
Brad and I have officially
called off the wedding.
Oh, I'm sorry, Mom.
If you wanna talk about it,
Tucker's here for you.
All right, I need you.
I need you. All right, listen to me.
Loo this website
right here and get your
license to marry me and Brad.
But I thought you just said you
were calling off the wedding.
Have you seen Brad? I'm not insane.
I just need
without Tweedle-Dork and
Tweedle-Dumbass being there.
So, ll you help me? Please?
- Sure.
- Okay.
Oh, perfect. Another
9-1-1 from Riley.
Man, white chicks.
Thank God. Look at this.
Look at it. It's horrible.
I mean, it's a little uneven,
but is the thought that counts?
No. Don't you know where this heart leads?
It is just another step
deeper into the vortex
that is my romantic nightmare.
Please, you have to help me.
How can I help you?
Oh, whoa, whoa!
Towel?
Okay, just flash her your pearly whites,
and just let Daddy do the talking, okay?
I love you.
Oh, hey there. It's me, Zoey again. No!
God, it's Ben again.
Um, this is my daughter, Emma.
Uh, yeah, I just needed you to know
that she's part of the package.
What package are we talking about?
Look...
Zoey...
I haven't stopped thinking
about you since we met,
and I think you should
know that I'm a single dad
with a complicated life, who recently
had this hard ***.You get the point...
Would you maybe like to go out with me,
Us, sometime?
Wow, uh...
To be honest, I've been
thinking about you all day too.
But, obviously, this is not a great time.
My life is a bit of a mess.
I just ended this relationship...
An know, as I say it,
we kind of sound perfect for each other.
Are you sure?
I am so sure.
Then, yes, I'd like to go out with you.
Okay, perfect. Tomorrow night at 7:00.
All right. Come here. Come on.
Oh, man I am bringing you along
every time I ask a girl out.
Maybe we won't have to do
this alone after all, baby.
Hey. Just making sure I have everything.
Keys, phone, doctor's number.
Doctor's number?
Well, obviously I could go at any minute.
You're dying?
Damn it, I really liked you.
I'm not dying.
Although, I am counting the minutes until
I can get this baby out of me.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
When did that happen?
Pretty sure it the last time I had sex.
Y... y... y...
you're pregnant?
Are you k... k...
k... kidding me?
How did you not notice?
I'm a dude!
We have focus issues.
We tend to concentrate on
the areas directly above
and below the baby zone.
And now that you know, you want to cancel.
Yeah, maybe. Okay.
Yeah, that might be best
if that's what you think.
I think you should get out.
That's probably a good idea.
Tucker, hurry up.
We've got to get out of
here before Ben or Danny
or any of
those guys...
What the hell is going on?
- Uh...
- Um...
We're going dancing.
Yeah.
Because it's Thursday.
It's...
- This is what we do on Thursdays.
- Yeah.
Tah-tah! -It's
just a thing...
that we like to do.
You kn
On Thursdays.
No, I meant what the hell is
going on with the universe?
My date is pregnant.
Again?!
Oh, my god, Ben!
Okay, that's it!
Somebody get me a sewing kit.
Can't be that hard to perform a vasectomy.
This one's not mine!
So, I turned and ran faster
than the kid's real dad.
But I thought you said
there was a connection.
Yeah, well obviously she
connected with someone else
about nine months ago.
Okay, wait, wait.
So this poor girl, who you asked out
and is probably at her most vulnerable,
was just told to her face that
because she's in the
middle of creating a life,
she's not worthy of your attention?
Not in so many words.
What was I supposed to do?
Well, for starters, you
should go to your room
and have a nice long conversation
with yourself about it.
Wait, so you guys are
really gonna go dancing?
- Yeah. It's Thursday. We've gotta dance.
- Yep. Don't follow us. Nope.
Oh! Hi.
I didn't expect you back yet.
Hey. What are you doing in my room?
Just playing with Emma
until her sitter gets here.
Hey, Danny isn't back from
Central Park yet, is he?
If he is, could you, like,
not tell him that I'm in here?
Oh, my god. He knows.
Are you okay?
Yeah, of course I'm okay.
I mean, why wouldn't I be okay?
You know, it's not like I,
you know, pretended to faint at the altar
and said that I didn't hear his proposal
because it was just,
like, too much too soon
and now keeps planning all
these super sweet moments
but I feel ike he's just
gonna keep asking me forever
and it feels like I'm stuck in
some kind of romantic Groundhog Day.
Well, as long as you're okay.
Ben, I don't know what
to do. Tell me what to do.
About my brother who you're in love with
and who you left me for?
I knew you were going to bring that up.
Well, I think I know what you should do.
You should talk to him.
You can't just run and hide
when something gets uncomfortable.
You have to...
stay and work through it.
He won't be pregnant for ever.
You had me right up until the end there,
but, you're right.
I have to go find Danny and
hope that he forgives me.
I've got to go talk to Zoey.
Wait. Emma. Not it!
Not it. Damn it!
Danny?
Danny, I'm here!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm too late.
I guess it's true what they say
about craving things when you're pregnant.
Yeah.
Who knew I was also craving
a date with a cute boy
who apologized for being
an insensitive jerk?
Thank you for letting us start over.
I don't really deserve it.
Well, if you knew how long it took me
to zip up this dress,
there was no way I was staying in.
And I should probably be getting back.
Okay.
Oh, it's this way.
No, it's this way.
Are you sure?
- Sorry I'm late!
- Oh!
Muah!
I got distracted by this
really good looking man on 72nd.
We waved to each other
for about ten minutes
before I realizes just looking
at my own reflection in a window.
Oh, my god.
So, why am I here?
We're gonna do it. Right now.
Here?
In front of Tucker?
Yes. He's got the license.
Oh. I didn't know you could get
a license to do that in the park.
Oh, my... No!
Married, Brad!
- We're getting married.
- Right.
That's later, okay?
All right. Hit it, Tucker.
Hey, Danny. It's me again.
If you could give me a call...
Whoa.
Danny?
What are you doing?
I'm just taking m'lady
for a little romantic ride.
Get in.
- This is so sweet, but...
- Please.
I'm not horsin' around.
Don't saddle me with excuses.
You know what? I think I remember that tree.
Yeah, yeah, we definitely passed that one.
Or was it this one?
Hey didn't *** these things?
Oh, my god, I'm having a baby!
Yeah, I think we've established that.
No, now!
I'm having a baby right now!
N... n... now?
Are you sure?
Okay, well, okay, don't
panic. No need to panic.
I'm not panicking!
Well, I am! Help!
Help us!
Pregnant lady lost in a park!
Help!
So, there's something I need to say,
and I don't want you to interrupt
me until I'm done saying it.
Riley...
I'm sorry that I've been acting so weird.
I wasn't done.
- Riley...
- I lied.
I li and I've been lying.
The whole last month has been a lie.
The fainting, the pretending
not to remember the proposal...
What? It's not because I don't love you.
It was all just...
it was too much.
I'm so happy that we're a couple now.
I'm so happy, but...
I'm not ready to be married.
Okay.
Not where I th this was going.
At least not right now.
Some...
someday maybe.
- But I just...
- It doesn't matter.
Now it's my turn.
Oh, my god.
Riley, I've been in love with you
for as long as I can remember.
Someone help us we're having a baby!
Oh, thank god.
- Ben?
- Danny?
- What are you doing here?
Panicking! My date's having a baby!
Oh... oh, hi!
You must be Zoey!
Okay. You know, we can talk later.
Danny, help her up.
Riley, call 9-1-1. Come on.
Yeah..
Don't worry, it's okay. We'll
get you out of here in no time.
Oh, wow, you're heavy.
Never mind. All good. Shutting up.
Let's move, We're having a baby!
Yah!
Ah! Danny!
Oh, my...
Riley!
So by the power vested in me,
- I pronounce you...
- Help!
Son of a...
Is anybody... We
need some help!
Mom?
What are you doing here?
Trying to get married.
Well, Ben's in the back
of a runaway carriage
trying to deliver a baby
and Riley's at the reins.
Well, there's that.
I hate all of you.
Okay, okay, let's breathe.
All big deep breaths.
Yeah, big deep breaths.
- Are we breathing?
- Who can breath at a time like this
I was talking to Zoey!
It's coming!
What? Now?
No, no, no! That's not a good idea.
Just... just suck
it back in there.
It doesn't work like that!
Hold on. Maybe I should take this.
Oh, thank god! It's my mom.
Hey! Mom. Hi!
Zoey's having her baby! What do I do?
Find a new mom because after this,
I am done with you!
Don't bite, Bon-Bon.
The miracle of life is happening.
God, I feel so insignificant.
Okay, fine.
All right, how close is she?
She's right next to me.
To giving birth!
Oh. You look.
Oh, my... -Oh, whoa,
whoa, whoa, whoa.
All right, back that up a few feet.
Okay!
9-1-1 says she
needs to breath!
Way past that!
Focus on that baby.
It is about to be born
whether you like it or not,
so just use everything that your
father taught you in little league
and catch it like a fly ball!
Mom, Ben got kicked out of little league.
No, I didn't.
Yeah, you did!
This seems like something
we can talk about later!
Uh-oh. Is that a head?
Ah. Yeah, I think that's a head.
I think I'm gonna pass out.
Riley, hold the phone please.
Okay. All right. Okay.
I told you, I don't
know our exact...
Oh! Oh, Tavern on the Green!
I always wanted to eat there.
I hear their salad is to die.
The baby!
What's going on with the baby?
I got its shoulders!
Oh, man, it's gotta hurt!
Riley, Riley, to stop it,
you gotta grease the rails
on an uphill slop and
then hit the fuel cut off.
Oh, wait. No, that's how
to stop a runaway train.
You know what? Never mind.
Shut up, shut up.
All right. Riley, talk to me!
Whoa!
Whoa...
Yes!
I did it! I am amazing!
Oh! Zoey, are you okay?
I'm perfect.
We're all
Hey, little guy. You want to meet your mom?
So, on a scale of one to ten,
how do you think this date's going so far?
- Hey.
So...
I guess we still need to talk.
No.
I need to talk and you need
to be quiet for a change.
Ght. But listen, Danny, I just...
Sorry.
Like I said,
I've been in love with you my whole life
and I'm gonna be in love
with you for the rest of it.
We might not always be on the same page
at the same time,
but this time, I think we are.
Riley, will you marry me...
someday?
Is that finally a yes?
Yes. Yes!
By the power vested
in me, I now pronounce you...
Husband and wife, you may
swallow each other's faces.
***
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org